United States Department of the Air Force                      October 19, 2019
Announcement number AFPC-STEM-DHA-10374491-1310
Control number 518811500



Dear Team Hiring Manager,

As a motivated physicist, I am interested in joining your team in the United
States Department of the Air Force to contribute toward our nation's security. I
would like to apply for the position.

I am currently a post-doctoral researcher at the University of California,
Berkeley with an emphasis on photon interactions with wavelength shifting
materials in a vacuum environment.

With regard to my ability to meet specific requirements of this job:
* Education: PhD in experimental particle physics (2016) with
  emphasis on photon/radiation interactions in solid/liquid scintillators and
  analysis/algorithm software development in C++/ROOT/Python.
* Knowledge of optical technologies: Current lead researcher investigating
  photon absorption in optical wavelength shifting materials and in vacuum
  environments. Graduate work focused on optical imaging and event
  reconstruction of particle interactions in scintillators.
* Experience in optical scattering and transmission: 8 years of experience
  modeling optical properties of materials in Geant4, 2 years of experience
  with designing, building, and operating measurement apparatus involving
  optical properties of solid/liquid wavelength shifters and scintillators.
* Familiarity with software to calibrate and analyze spectral data: Written
  software for analyzing response of materials to photons in spectral range of
  128-400 nm. 8 years of experience writing/managing data analysis software in
  C/C++/ROOT/Python. 

I would appreciate an opportunity to meet and discuss my application at an
interview. I have also sent my resume for your consideration. Please feel free
to let me know if you have any questions.

Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

Michinari Sakai
1235 Solano Ave Apt 10
Albany, CA 94706 USA
Phone: +1-808-206-4357
Email: michsakai@gmail.com
