Michinari Sakai, PhD
1235 Solano Ave Apt 10
Albany, CA 94706

October 26, 2019

Dear Admissions Committee,

It is my sincere pleasure to offer my unreserved recommendation for Samuel
Naugle to your academic program. Samuel Naugle has been working closely with me
at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory from May 2019 on a local R&D project
to investigate the micro-physical optical properties of wavelength shifter thin
film materials. During this time, I was able to personally witness his work
routine on a daily basis and assess his future potential as a scientist.

He is an exceptional student in his ability to quickly absorb new ideas and
skills to perform original research in a scientific laboratory setting. He was
first given the task to learn the Monte Carlo simulation code for the project
in order to study the systematic effects of the optical alignment of the
hardware setup. He mastered this quickly and was producing original work in a
very short period of time. During the past months, I have also had the opportunity
to spend many hours with him discussing new strategies to mitigate hardware
issues that arose from time to time, and I appreciate his valuable input in
leading the project to success. He has a natural ability to develop creative
new ideas toward solving complex hardware problems and I can testify that in
more than one occasion has his insight played a key role in the project. I
would also like to highlight his very high ability to work responsibly as a
team player, and maintain a professional and friendly relationship with both
his mentors as well as his peers. He has a bright and friendly personality and
is liked by all in our research group. I believe that his character will take
him far where ever people skills and team work are important. I make these
statements not as upper management, but as a colleague and mentor who has
worked with him day in and day out during the past 6 months.

I see Samuel having exceptional potential for future development as a
professional scientist and toward contributing original work to the field.
I firmly believe Samuel would be an asset to any organization, but he has
chosen your particular program as the place to develop himself further as
scientist. I am absolutely confident that his admission to your program would
be a decision you will not regret.

I would be happy to answer any questions you may have or to discuss my
recommendation in further detail. Please feel free to call me at 808-206-4357.

Best wishes,

Michinari Sakai
Post-doctoral Researcher, University of California, Berkeley
Email: michsakai@berkeley.edu
Address: 1235 Solano Ave Apt 10, Albany, CA 94706, USA
Phone: 808-206-4357
